MOD_PR01 Production Rules:

Frequency of Execution:
    MOD_PR01 normally executes 288 times a day, producing one five-minute
    granule of output data in each run. It can be configured to produce as many
    as three five-minute granules per run.

Each execution requires:
    Input File Characterization:
	The main input is 5-minute MODIS L0 datasets in PDS format, with one
	construction record and one date file for each dataset.
	In normal production, these are created by PGE00, which splits them out
	of the 2-hour datasets.
	For LANCE-MODIS, they are created by PGE95, which merges all session
	MODIS L0 datasets overlapping the requested time period, and extracts
	from the merged data those packets which fall within that time period.

	Each scan of data is stored in the L1A granule that covers the start
	time of that scan, even if the scan didn't end until after the start
	time of the next L1A granule. This means that the packets which make up
	the scans that go into a given L1A granule may be stored in two
	consecutive L0 datasets. At least one such dataset is mandatory, the
	other is optional. If only the second data set is available, the output
	granule may contain data from only a single scan, which will probably
	be incomplete; but the philosophy of the MODIS L1 routines is that the
	output granule must be produced, if it contains even a single packet of
	useable data.

	Some of the spacecraft ancillary data in L0 datasets is available only
	on a cycle that repeates every 70 seconds. MOD_PR01 therefore looks
	backwards up to 70 seconds, for such packets. If the 70 seconds
	preceeding the start of an MOD_PR01 run are covered by a different L0
	dataset, it is desireable to stage such a dataset, but it is not
	mandatory. If that dataset is not staged, incomplete spacecraft
	ancillary data will be stored in the first 70 seconds of the output
	granule.

	When using 5-minute L0 datasets, this means that at least one L0
	dataset covering either the requested time period or the immediately
	following 5-minute time period is mandatory. It is desirable to have
	all such datasets, as well as the one covering the immediately
	preceding 5-minute time period, but the additional datasets are
	optional.
	In normal production, wait until PGE00 is closed for all of the desired
	datasets.
	For LANCE-MODIS, wait for PGE95, rather than PGE00

	All Level 0 datasets must be assigned to LUN 599002; LUN 599001 is a
	historical artifact, no longer in use. When using multiple 5-minute
	input datasets, the data files must be merged together into a single
	dataset described by a single construction record; the CR_reader
	routine is responsible for creating that construction record.

	If a wait for PGE00 or PGE95 has expired, or if PGE01 is forced by the
	operators, then if any mandatory dataset is unavailable, the PGE should
	should be deleted; otherwise it should run using the datasets that are
	available.

	LANCE-MODIS: in Near Real Time (NRT) processing, it must be possible
	to leave the system unattended for hours, or even days, without
	unnecessary production delays. That means that after a certain timeout
	period, PGE01 should behave exactly as if forced. It should read the
	value of the parameter named PGE01Timeout from the Config table, and
	use a RealTimeDelay of that amount on all rules that have QueryDelay,
	with the same consequences if the delay expires.

    Ancillary Data Needs:
	N/A

    Static File Needs:
	The appropriate engineering data list must be staged:
	ENG_DATA_LIST_TERRA for Terra processing, and ENG_DATA_LIST_AQUA for
	Aqua processing.

    Output Product Characterization:
	MOD_PR01 splits the output time range assigned to it in LUNS 10258 and
	10259 (normally 15 minutes) into blocks of time with the length
	specified by LUN 50300 (normally 5 minutes). It produces one L1A
	product file for each of those blocks of time, each containing the full
	scans whose start times fall withing that block.

	MOD_PR01 converts the raw Level 0 data into reconstructed instrument
	data. The output L1A product files contain scan and pixel quality data,
	engineering data, and discarded packets. However, they will not contain
	valid ECS Geolocation metadata until they have been updated by MOD_PR03.

