MOD_PR03 Production Rules:

Frequency of execution:
    MOD_PR03 normally executes every time that MOD_PR01 does, as they are both
    run by PGE01. It processes every granule that MOD_PR01 produces. See
    MOD_PR01_pr.txt for the actual timing requirements, since they are imposed
    by MOD_PR01's needs, rather than by those of MOD_PR03.
    MOD_PR03 can be configured to process as many L1A files as desired. However,
    if configured to process more than one at at time, and using 2-hour or
    24-hour ancillary data files, the number of runs which require staging of
    two or more ancillary data files of the same type can be minimized by not
    giving it a start time that matches the start of one of those files.

Each execution requires:
    These requirements will be described as if MOD_PR03 were in it's own
    PGE (as in the now-defunct PGE01B), dependent for input upon a fictional
    PGE01A, which runs only MOD_PR01. PGE01A is not actually possible, because
    the L1A files produced by MOD_PR01 cannot be ingested by MODAPS until they
    have been modified by MOD_PR03 to contain valid geolocation metadata.
    Something called PGE01A did exist at one time, but only for the purpose of
    marking the day closed when L1A files produced at the GDAAC were ingested
    for use by PGE01B.
    The complete production rules for PGE01 are the result of combining the
    production rules for PGE01A and and these production rules for PGE01B,
    removing all references to the intermediate L1A files.

    Input File Characterization:
	At least one L1A granule whose time period is between the run start and
	stop times is mandatory.

	L1A granules covering the entire requested period are optional. Wait
	until all of these files are available, or until PGE01A is closed for
	the requested time period.

    Ancillary Data Needs:
	Normally, 2-hour ephemeris (AM1EPHN0, AM1EPNF) and attitude (AM1ATTN0,
	AM1ATTNF) files are used for Terra processing, while for Aqua, 24-hour
	ephemeris (PM1EPNHD) and 2-hour attitude (PM1ATTNR) files are used.
	Where two ESDTS are listed above, the one listed first is normally
	preferred, the alternative should be used only if necessary.

	For any Terra run which overlaps any part of a maneuver, or the "loss
	of pointing accuracy" time period immediately following a Terra thrust
	maneuver, the normal preferences for attitude files are reversed:
	AM1ATTNF is preferred over AM1ATTN0.

	LANCE-MODIS: in Near Real Time (NRT) processing, none of the Ancillary
	ESDTs listed above will be available yet, so alternative sources must
	be used.
	For Terra NRT processing, attitude and ephemeris data is extracted from
	MODIS L0 file data copied into the L1A files, but orbital metadata that
	is not available from that source is still needed to create ingestible
	products. For reprocessing, the same ephemeris files used in normal
	production may be staged, and are preferred, but for forward NRT
	processing the use of extrapolated orbital metadata obtained from the
	2-hour AM1EPHNE files produced by PGE97 is necessary.
	There is no entrained ephemeris or attitude data in Aqua MODIS L0 files.
	Therefore, for Aqua NRT processing, the alternative sources are
	PM1ATTNR_NRT and PM1EPHND_NRT files produced by PGE96.

	The packets in ephemeris or attitude files will not, in general, cover
	the entire time from the beginning to the end of the time period they
	nominally cover. For times up to one second before the first packet, or 
	up to one second after the last one, extrapolation is used. Staging a
	file covering the adjacent time period allows the use of interpolation,
	rather than extrapolation, giving more accurate results for times near
	the boundary.

	Because of this extrapolation, even if there's no file covering a given
	5-minute time period, MOD_PR03 may be able to geolocate as much as one
	full scan of data in that interval if there is file available that
	covers either the preceding or following 5-minute time period. The
	Level 1 philosophy is to produce output, regardless of data gaps, so
	long as even a single pixel of useable data might be produced.

	Therefore, staging ephemeris and attitude files covering the requested
	time period and the previous and following 5-minute time periods is
	desireable. Getting all of those files is optional, but getting at
	least one such ephemeris file and one such attitude file is mandatory.

	The SDP Toolkit does not allow extraction of orbital metadata from
	ephemeris files for time periods before the first ephemeris data packet
	of the first file staged, or after the last ephemeris data packet of
	the last file staged, even though they usually contain orbital metadata
	records for orbits extending far beyond those limits. I consider this a
	defect in that library, but it's a deliberate feature, and therefore
	unlikely to be fixed.
	MOD_PR03 requests orbital metadata for the nominal start time of the
	output file. There is almost never an ephemeris data packet matching
	that time exactly. Therefore, if that time is a boundary between two
	consecutive ephemeris files, the request will fail unless both of those
	file are staged, and as a result the product files will not be
	ingestible. Therefore, ephemeris files covering both the requested time
	period and the immediately preceding 5-minute time period are mandatory.

	In normal production, PGE01 should be started as soon as all desired
	files of the preferred ESDTs have been ingested. If forced, if any
	mandatory file is unavailable, the PGE will fail; otherwise it should
	go ahead using best available files covering as many of the desired
	time periods as possible.

	LANCE-MODIS: in NRT production, all ancillary inputs are products of
	either PGE96 or PGE97. When all input PGEs are closed for the entire
	desired time period, if any mandatory file is still unavailable, the
	PGE should be deleted; otherwise, it should go ahead using files
	covering as many of the desired time periods as possible.

        In NRT processing, it must be possible to leave the system unattended
	for hours, or even days, without unnecessary production delays. That
	means that after a certain timeout period, PGE01 should behave exactly
	as if forced. It should read the value of the parameter named
	PGE01Timeout from the Config table, and use a RealTimeDelay of that
	amount on all rules that also have QueryDelay, with the same
	consequences.

	The accuracy of geolocation depends upon having up-to-date copies of
	the leapsec.dat and utcpole.dat files used by the SDP Toolkit for
	time and coordinate conversion.

    Static File Needs:
	The Geolocation parameters files, named MOD03LUT.coeff and
	MYD03LUT.coeff, must both be staged for any run. Only MOD03LUT.coeff is
	actually used on Terra runs. Only MYD03LUT.coeff is actually used in
	Aqua runs.  However, there must be entries for both in the PCF.

	MOD_PR03 relies upon the following static files provided by and for the
	SDP Toolkit:
	Name			Description
	===============		====================================
	earthfigure.dat		Earth ellipsoid information
	de200.eos		Planetary ephemeris
	sc_tags.dat		Spacecraft Euler angle order
	dem15ARC_*.hdf		15 arcsecond Digital Elevation Model
	dem30ARC_*.hdf		30 arcsecond Digital Elevation Model

	The dem* files contain land/water mask information, in addition to
	elevation data.

    Output Product Characterization:
	MOD_PR03 creates one Geolocation product file for each input L1A file,
	and also updates geolocation metadata in each input L1A file it uses.
	Thus, the L1A files must be writeable, and listed in the output files
	section of the PCF.

	From the satellite's ephemeris and attitude, the timing data in the
	L1A file, the earth rotation data stored in the utcpole.dat files, and
	the digital elevation models, MOD_PR03 calculates the ground location
	for the center of the area seen by each of the detectors for the
	fictitious band 0 detector during each frame of data collected. The
	output geolocation file contains those locations in terms of latitude,
	longitude, and altitude, and solar and sensor zenith and azimuth. It
	also carries all the information necessary to adjust the values for
	that fictitious band, to get the positions for the real bands.

